Attached are notes regarding my Dungeons & Dragons 5E character: Baluja, a Tortle Samurai. We're going to prepare a small update for the DM by creating a 04 document. Contextually some time has passed since these documents were generated and the party is just wrapping up a key story element for one of the players. Baluja has mostly been a supportive/background character, as a general reminder of the role I personally play with this character is the "wildcard" in which I mainly joke around and make the other players laugh with anachronistic references  while being the traditional Fighter role of a combat focused character.
The Phyrexians are still a threat but not the current focus. We've just completed helping our Druid, Ore Rustgill (mushroom folk), gather up his people from his doomed plane of existence and brought them to a plane with a giant tree to call their new home. Everyone's recuperating from the adventure and we're all having an individual epilogue of sorts prior to the next chapter for the group.
As far as Baluja's update goes: During "Brief Respite" what ended up happening was that Baluja was sent through [either time/space] back to his origin plane (currently unnamed, up to the DM - my thought on it being that it's either incredibly far into the past or future of Dominaria] which is his prison plane that used to have the Dark Tower of which held many doors each leading to a new life in which he was a different person but always made to fight for impossible causes as punishment for his time as his original form of an Avatar of an evil god.
Baluja had opened every door in the Tower causing it to crumble allowing him to leave in which he built a small shack to live out the rest of his days in this last form of a Tortle. Eventually a pile of rubble with a doorway that he had carved saying to not open the door caused him to enter into his current life on Kamigawa that eventually led to his role in helping [the player party] in their quest.
During "Brief Respite", Baluja was split up from the party and sent back to the Tower plane. When he touched the doorway all of his memories of all of his former lives came back, hundreds of times of being born just to die on a battlefield all ending with him finally being done and living out in old age as a Tortle in a shack.
In that flood of memory Baluja forgets [the party] and begins to walk back towards the shack.. somewhat fearful of the doorway that seems to lead to nowhere only to hear the whispers of his friends from [the party] calling him back to the doorway. Once he opened it again he was brought back to the current time/place of Dominaria and regrouped with everyone but all of the memories of the Tower, his former lives, all quickly faded away.

Current/New:
Since that time up until the current downtime after helping Ore complete his quest Baluja has had faint glimpses and memories of former lives and of the Tower plane come back.
In all other lifetimes that the entity now called Baluja existed  in ended with his demise but for this last one he survived however his final form was of an old Tortle now covered in scars from many battles. Tortles don't typically live beyond their 40s and he's just reached his 40th while questing with [the party].
During this time Baluja's memories are mixing and fragmented, his life in this form on the futuristic world of Neon Kamigawa intermingles with former lives and deaths. The entire campaign has surrounded the concept of the player characters being Planeswalkers, people capable of traveling between dimensional planes at will, and meeting up to defend the multiverse against whatever threat (from MTG + some homebrew elements).
Baluja wrestles with his physical mind being old and unable to process the reality of his situation.

Whew - all right: Please summarize that and come up with something in a similar formatting to the providing Markdown documents to create a 04th document to give to my DM as a general update and reminder.
